Previously, we saw how to create a user and assign him the
privileges required to access the CodeCommit repository.
This way of individually setting access control will soon become
unmaintainable as the number of users starts increasing.
The recommended way is to create groups and assign policies to
the groups and add the users to these groups.
In our project, we're going to create three different groups for developers,
administrators, and managers. Go ahead and click Groups, Create New Group.
Let's create a group named Developers, and Developers will
have full access to the repository. Select
AWSCodeCommitFullAccess from the Policy Type.
Click Next and Create Group.
Now let's create another group for administrators.
Administrators are power users in the sense that they
can create and delete repositories.
Let's select AWSCodeCommitPowerUser as a policy, click Create Group.
Now let's create one last group named Managers,
and they may not need write access to the repository.
So let's select the AWSCodeCommitReadOnly policy and click Create Group.
Now that we have three groups, we need to add users to these groups.
Click the Add user button, enter developer1, and let's choose the
option so that he can use the autogenerated password,
and he needs to change it once he logs in. Click Permissions.
Now instead of adding policies to the users directly,
they're going to add this user to the group. Select the Developers group.
Let's leave the tags empty. Click Create user.
Now let's go ahead and create the user manager1, and
instead of assigning policy to the user,
we're going to add him to the group manager, and click Create
user. In the last clip when we created the admin user, we
assigned a policy to this user directly.
Let's go ahead and delete these two policies, and let's
add this user to the admin group. Any time we need to
create new users in the future,
we don't need to worry about their access control.
We just need to identify to which group they belong and
add them to the corresponding group.
Let's quickly summarize what we've learned so far.
We started by understanding the value proposition offered by AWS CodeCommit.
We created an empty repository by logging into the AWS CodeCommit console
directly and walked through the various phases of version control management
directly in the CodeCommit console without writing a single Git command. We
later saw how to migrate an existing Git repository into AWS CodeCommit. We
then saw how to set up access control to the repositories by creating IAM
groups, assigning policies to them, and adding individual users to those groups.